# License

## pyscal License

`pyscal` uses the [BSD 3-Clause New License](https://github.com/srmnitc/pyscal/blob/master/LICENSE) . A full description is
available in the above link or in the repository.

In addition, `pyscal` license of other codes that `pyscal` uses are
given below-

## Voro++ license

Voro++ Copyright (c) 2008, The Regents of the University of California,
through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any
required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy). All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1.  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3.  Neither the name of the University of California, Lawrence Berkeley
    National Laboratory, U.S. Dept. of Energy nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
    this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \"AS
IS\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

You are under no obligation whatsoever to provide any bug fixes,
patches, or upgrades to the features, functionality or performance of
the source code (\"Enhancements\") to anyone; however, if you choose to
make your Enhancements available either publicly, or directly to
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, without imposing a separate
written license agreement for such Enhancements, then you hereby grant
the following license: a non-exclusive, royalty-free perpetual license
to install, use, modify, prepare derivative works, incorporate into
other computer software, distribute, and sublicense such enhancements or
derivative works thereof, in binary and source code form.

## pybind 11 license

Copyright (c) 2016 Wenzel Jakob (<wenzel.jakob@epfl.ch>), All rights
reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1.  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2.  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3.  Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
    this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \"AS
IS\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

You are under no obligation whatsoever to provide any bug fixes,
patches, or upgrades to the features, functionality or performance of
the source code (\"Enhancements\") to anyone; however, if you choose to
make your Enhancements available either publicly, or directly to the
author of this software, without imposing a separate written license
agreement for such Enhancements, then you hereby grant the following
license: a non-exclusive, royalty-free perpetual license to install,
use, modify, prepare derivative works, incorporate into other computer
software, distribute, and sublicense such enhancements or derivative
works thereof, in binary and source code form.

## sphinx theme license

Copyright (c) 2007-2013 by the Sphinx team (see AUTHORS file). All
rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

-   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
-   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS \"AS
IS\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
